# Autosave
- By: David Rawk
## Overview
This gem will allow for simple modifications to a standard HTML form. It will make it so changes the user makes are submitted via json, in "real" time.

## Context
Forms generated by rails always have a submit button. This is fine for some apps, however I'd like to be able to submit via the api, as the user changes the content.

## Goals
- ### User driven impact
  The user will have content saved as they alter it. It will reduce the chance they "forget" to save.
  On long format apps, it will allow the user to have things backed up in "real time"

- ### Success Metric
  The addition of a very small bit of code will allow for the removal of the "submit" button.

  The developer will be able to alter the configuration file, and it will alter the timing of the save.

  A generator will exist that when given a model name, will replace the "submit" button with the auto save code, and a small notification node, that can display a "data has been saved" message.

  The integration of the autosave feature into a form will take < 1 minute

## Milestones
- The generation of the javascript code (Safari compliant) that will take the form input fields and generate json and respond to onkeyup and onchange and onblur

- The ability to insert the code into a create/edit form (standard rails) and have it know to post or patch depending on the state of the "item".

- The utilization of a configuration file, that allows timing and messages to be customized by the developer (user of the gem)

- The construction of a generator that takes a model name, and finds the _form file and comments out the submit button and replaces it with the needed JS code.

## Existing Solution
- Currently this task is accomplished by adding in custom code for each form. It is not to hard, but it is busy work.

## Proposed Solution
- A ruby Gem that includes all the Javascript and ruby required to replace a single line of html/erb with a single line of JS (where JS is enabled)

## Detail Scoping and Timeline
- #### TBD
